Hi everyone, this is your code quality curriculum. [https://www.notion.so/Code-Quality-Best-Practice-Sessions-60813bb04e37463c98713f2b75473f7d](https://www.notion.so/Code-Quality-Best-Practice-Sessions-60813bb04e37463c98713f2b75473f7d "https://www.notion.so/Code-Quality-Best-Practice-Sessions-60813bb04e37463c98713f2b75473f7d") You will not manage to solve all the exercises of the code quality curriculum perfectly. That's completely ok. This is just meant to get you started on code quality. You will get the chance to rework code until it is perfect during your MonbiShare project. In the code quality curriculum it is more important to **stick to the time boxes** than to finish exercises. 

**On Monday:** from morning to 10.30am - watch the youtube-video Session 1 10.30-11.00 short session with your coaches. You will not cover any content in this session. It's just used in case any of the briefings for the exercise were unclear. 11.00 up to lunch - solve the exercise that was given in today's Session video. If you have time, peer-review someone else's exercise and re-work your exercise based on your fellow trainees' reviews. 

**From Tuesday onwards** from morning to 10.30am - watch the youtube-video for the next Session ---> make sure to also take your breakfast in this time-box. By 10.30 you need to be done with the video and with your breakfast. 10.30-11.00am - rework yesterday's exercise based on what you saw in today's Session video 11.00-11.30am - Q&A with your coach on yesterday's exercise 11.30 up to lunch - solve the exercise that was given in today's Session video. If you have time, peer-review someone else's exercise and re-work your exercise based on your fellow trainees' reviews.

1. **General advise for the videos** These videos are recordings of the code quality sessions held earlier this year. Therefore they are not perfect tutorials. But we wanted to make sure you have access to the knowledge in them, that's why we are having you watch them.
    
    - some minutes, especially at the start of the videos can be irrelevant or boring, it's ok to skip ahead 10 seconds at a time (use the arrow keys for that) until it gets relevant.
    - sometimes the contents are a bit slow. In that case play the videos at double speed.
    - just make sure you don't rush through anything that is important, for example when Yannick, the senior developer teaching these sessions, is explaining things. In those cases slow the video down, pay attention and **take notes.**
    
    **Note the Materials** At the top of the code quality session notion page there are links to 3 other pages under the heading "Materials". Read through those pages carefully, they contain the core elements covered in the code quality sessions. 
    
    **However reading through those summaries is not enough** you still need to watch all the videos and do the exercises yourself in order to truly understand the content and be able to apply it in practice.
    
2. _[_7:40 PM_]_
    
    /// **Don't worry about finishing the exercises** As I already stated in the beginning of this briefing: focus on sticking to the time-boxes, don't prioritize fully finishing the exercises. Otherwise you'll be busy with them all day and can't work on the MoniShare project. But working on the project is at least as important as the code quality content. 
    
    **Peer reviews and coach reviews** Your coaches will create a trello board for your group where you can add cards for peer review, just like you did with the react exercises. You will not always manage to do and/or receive peer reviews and do re-work. That's ok. Try to do peer-reviews, they are useful for learning this content. But if you don't have time it's fine. Your coaches will not give you individual reviews. They will look at all of your solutions and pick out some examples to discuss during the Q&A session on the next day.
This week you will have the challenge of **showing self-discipline** when it comes to sticking to your time-boxes. Don't work on MoniShare during the morning, which are reserved for code quality. And don't work on Code Quality during the afternoons, which are reserved for MoniShare. **Other time-boxes** You do not need to do the morning typing while you are doing Code Quality. You do not need to do codewars while you are doing Code Quality. There will be no morning sessions while you are doing Code Quality. Anki should be done at some point in the afternoon or evening instead of the morning, so that the morning is reserved for code quality. Speaking Muscles should be done as always.